fix(miniflare): Fix KV bulk/get 413 error for large namespaces (#13466)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/fix-explorer-kv-bulk-get-413.md

---
"@cloudflare/local-explorer-ui": patch
---

Fix local explorer KV bulk / get for large payloads.

> Keep Miniflare local explorer KV bulk get behavior aligned with the Cloudflare API by enforcing the aggregate payload size limit. Instead now the local explorer UI KV namespace view to fetch values per-key, so large namespaces still load successfully without relying on bulk get for table hydration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes an issue where the local explorer UI would crash when fetching large KV payloads.

Additionally, the local KV bulk get API endpoint now enforces a total 25MB payload limit, in alignment with the remote Cloudflare API.
```

Reviewer: just to keep it more user focused rather than implementation details

---
"miniflare": patch
---

Fix local explorer KV bulk / get for large payloads.

Previously when trying to view a KV namespace which contains large value payloads it would result in returning a 413 HTTP response.

> As such, the endpoint now fetches each key individually instead of using the KV bulk-get API, which has a 25 MB aggregate size limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is an implementation detail and not necessary for a changeset imo.
